[docs] Better memory detail on tablet overhead (#21241)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/develop/best-practices-ysql.md

Each table and index consists of several tablets based on the [`--ysql_num_shards_per_tserver`](../../reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#yb-num-shards-per-tserver) flag.

> For a cluster with RF3, 1000 tablets have an overhead of 0.4vCPU for raft heartbeats (assuming 0.5s heartbeat interval), 770MB memory, 128GB disk-space for WAL (write-ahead log).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a cluster with RF3, 1000 tablets have an overhead of 0.4vCPU for raft heartbeats (assuming 0.5s heartbeat interval), 770 MB memory, 128 GB disk space for WAL (write-ahead log).
```
